Model type (#164)
ModellingWebLab/chaste-codegen: RELEASE.md

# Release 0.4.0
- This release explicitly adds versions for dependencies, rather than leaving it up to the cellmlmanip and Jinja2 packages. Versions are semi-strict allowing for minor updates (which should not break compatibility).
- This release contains a bug fix with regards to the stimulus sign, which was calculated incorrectly when the stimulus equation had been changed due to unit conversions.

> - The model type displayed in the header of generated files has been fixed and now displays correctlt (instead of always displaying normal)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The model type displayed in the header of generated files has been fixed and now displays correctly (instead of always displaying 'normal')
```
